Remove deprecated rest endpoints, parameters and keys (#1037)
LayerManager/layman: CHANGELOG.md

### Changes
- [#1009](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/1009) PATCH Workspace [Layer](doc/rest.md#patch-workspace-layer)/[Map](doc/rest.md#patch-workspace-map) returns same response as POST Workspace [Layers](doc/rest.md#post-workspace-layers)/[Maps](doc/rest.md#post-workspace-maps) with only `name`, `uuid`, `url` and for Layer also optional `files_to_upload` keys.
- [#1009](https://github.com/LayerManager/layman/issues/1009) Deprecated endpoint, parameters and keys were removed:
  - key `file_type` was removed from endpoints GET [Publications](doc/rest.md#get-publications)/[Layers](doc/rest.md#get-layers)/[Workspace Layers](doc/rest.md#get-workspace-layers)/[Workspace Layer](doc/rest.md#get-workspace-layer) response
  - key `file`.`path` was removed from GET [Workspace Layer](doc/rest.md#get-workspace-layer) response
  - key `sld` was removed from GET [Workspace Layer](doc/rest.md#get-workspace-layer) response
  - key `db_table` was removed from GET [Workspace Layer](doc/rest.md#get-workspace-layer) response
  - key `data`.`layman`.`last-migration` was removed from [GET Version](doc/rest.md#get-version) response

>   - body parameter `sld` for [POST Workspace Publications](doc/rest.md#post-workspace-layers) and [PATCH Workspace Publication](doc/rest.md#patch-workspace-layer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - body parameter `sld` was removed from [POST Workspace Publications](doc/rest.md#post-workspace-layers) and [PATCH Workspace Publication](doc/rest.md#patch-workspace-layer) requests
```
